Documentation/operation docs rework (#3074)
scality/metalk8s: docs/operation/troubleshooting/account_administration_errors.rst

Account Administration Errors
=============================

> Forgot the MetalK8s GUI password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forgot the MetalK8s GUI Password
```

--------------------------------

> If you forget the MetalK8s GUI username and/or password combination,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you forget the MetalK8s GUI user name or password,
```
